businessmodel MODULES:

## Table of Contents

- [List of modules](#modules)
- [Module call](#call_module)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## modules
Modules under the package businessmodel are:
- [performance_rank](#performance_rank)

## call_module

```bash
from businessmodel import performance_rank #to call performance_rank module
```

# DOCUMENTATION
- ## performance_rank
    Data where columns are as follow:
    column1: Individual associate id(s) or name.
    column2: Saleflag or success of individual where 0 is unfulfiled (unsold) and 1 is fulfiled (sold).
    column3: Market type containing two labels for each affiliate. For example- urban_market and rural_market 
    It contains following methods:
    - feed_data(data, percentage, column1, column2, column3): Feed the dataframe, set percentage to get interpretetion, name of first column (e.g. "salesman_id"), name of second column (e.g. "saleflag"), name of third column (e.g. "market_type")
    N.B: percentage will help to classify top n% and bottom n% associates for each market type according to their performance. Create an instance with the feed_data method.
    
    - interpret(): Call this method on the created feed_data instance. This will return a dictionary containing interpreted performance result of each associate.

    - output_table(): Call this method on the early created instance of feed_data and get a dictionary containing mathematical results (salesman_id, actual_fulfiled, actual_unfulfiled, expected fulfiled, chi fulfiled value, sale percentage)

    The result is generated by using chi square method for each salesman and the "sale percentage" is nothing but the percentage of fulfiled cases from the total amount of opportunities (fulfiled and unfulfiled) one associate got.

    Good or bad performer in the interpreted dictionary is distinguished by observing each associate's actual fulfiled and expected fulfiled amount.
    If expected fulfiled is more than actual fulfiled then the associate is labeled as bad.
    If expected fulfiled is less than actual fulfiled then the associate is labeled as good.



## CONTRIBUTING


## LICENSE
The package is licensed under OSI approved MIT open license.
